f/fa/fac/facts.fm.md, before:

> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the facts.fm privacy policy that was archived on 2015-10-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151009192908id_/http%3A//www.facts.fm/index.php%3Fpage_id%3D146) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for Facts.FM

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by [email](http://www.facts.fm/contact-us/ "email").

At Facts.FM, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Facts.FM and how it is used.

**Log Files**  
Like many other Web sites, Facts.FM makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.

**Cookies and Web Beacons**  
Facts.FM does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.

**DoubleClick DART Cookie**  
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Facts.FM  
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to Facts.FM and other sites on the Internet.  
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html

Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ….  
Google Adsense

These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Facts.FM send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.

Facts.FM has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Facts.FM’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.

Commit message:

facts.fm (archived on 2018-03-21)
{
  "alexa_rank": NaN,
  "analysis_subcorpus": true,
  "categories": "uncategorized",
  "char_count": 1720,
  "classifier_probability": 0.88,
  "cross_domain_homepage_redir": false,
  "flesch_ease": "standard",
  "flesch_kincaid": 7.44,
  "homepage_snapshot_redirected_domain": "facts.fm",
  "homepage_snapshot_redirected_url": "https://web.archive.org/web/20180427095140id_/http://www.facts.fm/",
  "homepage_snapshot_url": "https://web.archive.org/web/20180427095140id_/http%3A//facts.fm",
  "interval": "2018_A",
  "link_text": "Privacy Statement",
  "parked_domain": false,
  "phase": "A",
  "policy_domain": "facts.fm",
  "policy_filetype": "html",
  "policy_snapshot_url": "https://web.archive.org/web/20180321040656id_/http%3A//www.facts.fm/privacy-statement",
  "policy_title": "Privacy Statement \u2013 Facts",
  "policy_url": "facts.fm/privacy-statement",
  "sha1": "2b371ee5a80daf6a7998a795d0ee47ca97e90fa2",
  "simhash": 16453879356193803394,
  "simhash_updated": true,
  "site_hostname": "facts.fm",
  "site_url": "http://facts.fm",
  "smog": NaN,
  "strict_updated": true,
  "timestamp": "20180321040656",
  "word_count": 293,
  "year": 2018
}

f/fa/fac/facts.fm.md, after:

> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the facts.fm privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180321040656id_/http%3A//www.facts.fm/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement – Facts

Facts.fm has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Facts.fm

Information Automatically Logged  
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. For the majority of the site, the IP is simply stored for security purposes, such as a DOS attack. Your IP is not used for any other purposes.

Advertisers  
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. Cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. Cookies are used on Facts.fm only for login purposes.

Personal Information  
This Web site does not request any personal information other than your email. Your email is only used for contacting you about Facts.fm updates. Registered users on the site may also contact you through the website. If you so desire, you can cease any of these contacts through your control panel. Your email will also not be distributed to anyone for any purpose. If you are a subscriber to our Subscription Service, you have the option of not allowing the blog owner to see your email.

Facts.fm maintains a strict “no-spam” policy. Your e-mail address will not be sold to a third party. At no time is personal information collected without explicit consent.

External Links  
This site contains links to other sites. Facts.fm is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.

Security  
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
